Wikipedia Title: Nosferatu: Plague of Terror
Nosferatu: Plague of Terror was a four-part comic series released by American publisher Millennium Publications in 1991-1992. Conceived as both a prequel and sequel to F.W. Murnau's silent film "Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror", it was written by Mark Ellis, designed by Melissa Martin, with art provided by Rik Levins, Richard Pace and Frank Turner. The storyline presented a more complete story of Graf Orlok, the Nosferatu, separate and distinct from the Dracula legend.

Wikipedia Title: Nosferatu
Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens (translated as Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror; or simply Nosferatu) is a 1922 German Expressionist horror film, directed by F. W. Murnau, starring Max Schreck as the vampire Count Orlok. The film, shot in 1921 and released in 1922, was an unauthorized adaptation of Bram Stoker's "Dracula" (1897). Various names and other details were changed from the novel: for instance, "vampire" became "Nosferatu" and "Count Dracula" became "Count Orlok".

Wikipedia Title: The Phantom Hour
The Phantom Hour is a 2016 short film written and directed by Brian Patrick Butler. It officially premiered September 8, 2016 at the Horrible imaginings Film Festival in San Diego, California. The film was inspired by German Expressionist films such as Nosferatu and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.

Q: What film directed by Brian Patrick Butler was inspired by a film directed by F.W. Murnau?
A: Let's think step by step. Brian Patrick Butler directed the film The Phantom Hour. The Phantom Hour was inspired by the films such as Nosferatu and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. Of these Nosferatu was directed by F.W. Murnau. So the answer is: The Phantom Hour.



Wikipedia Title: Scott Glenn
Theodore Scott Glenn (born January 26, 1941), better known as Scott Glenn, is an American actor. His roles have included Wes Hightower in "Urban Cowboy" (1980), astronaut Alan Shepard in "The Right Stuff" (1983), Emmett in "Silverado" (1985), Commander Bart Mancuso in "The Hunt for Red October" (1990), Jack Crawford in "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991), Roger in "Training Day" (2001), Ezra Kramer in "The Bourne Ultimatum" (2007), Kevin Garvey, Sr. in "The Leftovers" (2014–2017) and as Stick in both "Daredevil" (2015–) and "The Defenders" (2017).

Wikipedia Title: Vertical Limit
Vertical Limit is a 2000 American survival thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and written by Robert King. The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Bill Paxton, Robin Tunney and Scott Glenn. The film was released on December 8, 2000 in the United States by Columbia Pictures, receiving mixed reviews from critics and grossing $215 million worldwide.

Wikipedia Title: USNS Alan Shepard (T-AKE-3)
USNS "Alan Shepard" (T-AKE-3) is a "Lewis and Clark"-class dry cargo ship in the United States Navy. It is named for astronaut Rear Admiral Alan Shepard (1923–1998).

Q: Vertical Limit stars which actor who also played astronaut Alan Shepard in "The Right Stuff"?
A: Let's think step by step. The actor who played astronaut Alan Shepard in "The Right Stuff" is Scott Glenn. The movie Vertical Limit also starred Scott Glenn. So the answer is: Scott Glenn.



Wikipedia Title: Jeremy Horn
Jeremy Graham Horn (born August 25, 1975) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division. Although Horn is perhaps best known for fighting in smaller American promotions, he has also competed in some of the premiere mixed martial arts organizations around the world including the UFC, WEC, PRIDE, Bellator, Pancrase, the IFL, King of the Cage, and the International Fighting Championships (IFC). Horn is the former King of the Cage Light Heavyweight Champion. Horn has also competed in the Heavyweight and Light Heavyweight divisions.

Wikipedia Title: Renato Sobral
Renato da Cunha Sobral (born September 7, 1975), also known as "Babalu", is a retired Brazilian wrestler and mixed martial artist, and former Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion. Sobral previously fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where he posted a 6–4 record and has also competed for Bellator, RINGS, Jungle Fight, Cage Rage, Affliction, and ONE FC. He is the Head Instructor of Babalu's Iron Gym Cerritos and has a Luta Livre black belt. He is also a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Carlos Gracie Jr. In his prime he was considered one of the top fighters in the world and defeated the likes of former Welterweight UFC Champion Robbie Lawler, former Light Heavyweight UFC Champion Shogun Rua, former Heavyweight UFC Champion Maurice Smith, along with former title contenders Chael Sonnen, Elvis Sinosic, and Jeremy Horn.

Wikipedia Title: Zaza Tkeshelashvili
Zaza "Grom" Tkeshelashvili (born March 19, 1965) is a Georgian retired Freestyle wrestling Olympic competitor (100 kg) for Georgia in 1996 Olympic Games Atlanta and mixed martial artist. He formerly competed in the Heavyweight (MMA) division, most of which he fought with Fighting Network RINGS where he was known as Zaza Grom. He lost his last fight at Rings Lithuania – Bushido Rings 2 against Volk Han on August 5, 2001. He holds notable wins over Volk Han and Travis Fulton, and has fought Bobby Hoffman and Renato Sobral. His brother Koba Tkeshelashvili is also mixed martial artist and has competed in RINGS.

Q: who is older Jeremy Horn or Renato Sobral ?
A: Let's think step by step. Jeremy Horn was born on August 25, 1975. Renato Sobral was born on September 7, 1975. Thus, Jeremy Horn is older. So the answer is: Jeremy Horn.



Wikipedia Title: Jerry Ferrara
Jerry Ferrara (born November 25, 1979) is an American actor, known for his work as Turtle on the HBO comedy series "Entourage" , and currently starring on the STARZ drama series "Power" as Joe Proctor.

Wikipedia Title: Turtle (Entourage)
Salvatore "Turtle" Assante is a fictional character on the comedy-drama television series "Entourage". He is played by Jerry Ferrara.

Wikipedia Title: Matt Robinson (actor)
Matthew Thomas "Matt" Robinson Jr. (January 1, 1937 – August 5, 2002) was an American actor, writer and television producer. Robinson was the first actor to portray the character of Gordon Robinson on the long–running PBS children's TV program "Sesame Street". When "Sesame Street" began in 1969, not only did Robinson play Gordon, but he also provided the voice of the puppet Roosevelt Franklin and also was one of the show's producers. He left the show in 1971. In later years, when producers needed a last name for the Gordon character, then played by Hal Miller and then Roscoe Orman, they used Matt's last name.

Q: The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" also played a character on "Entourage" that has what last name?
A: Let's think step by step. The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" is Jerry Ferrara. Jerry Ferrara also played a character on Entourage named Turtle Assante. Thus, Turtle Assante's last name is Assante. So the answer is: Assante.



Wikipedia Title: Sofia Kovalevskaya
Sofia Vasilyevna Kovalevskaya (Russian: Со́фья Васи́льевна Ковале́вская ), born Sofia Vasilyevna Korvin-Krukovskaya (1850–1891), was a Russian mathematician who made noteworthy contributions to analysis, partial differential equations and mechanics. She was the first major Russian female mathematician and a pioneer for women in mathematics around the world. She was the first woman appointed to a full professorship in Northern Europe and was also one of the first women to work for a scientific journal as an editor. Her sister was the socialist Anne Jaclard.

Wikipedia Title: Kovalevskaya (crater)
Kovalevskaya is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the larger walled plain Landau. To the south of Kovalevskaya are the craters Poynting and Fersman.

Wikipedia Title: Leonid Khachiyan
Leonid Genrikhovich Khachiyan (Armenian: Լեոնիդ Գենրիխովիչ Խաչիյան ; Russian: Леонид Генрихович Хачиян ; May 3, 1952 – April 29, 2005) was a Soviet mathematician of Armenian descent who taught Computer Science at Rutgers University. He was most famous for his ellipsoid algorithm (1979) for linear programming, which was the first such algorithm known to have a polynomial running time. Even though this algorithm was shown to be impractical due to the high degree of the polynomial in its running time, it has inspired other randomized algorithms for convex programming and is considered a significant theoretical breakthrough.

Q: What are the nationalities of Leonid Khachiyan and Sofia Kovalevskaya?
A: Let's think step by step. The nationality of Leonid Khachiyan is Russian. The nationality of Sofia Kovalevskaya is Russian. So the answer is: Russian.



