Q: Which car, produced by Ferrari from 1962 to 1964 for homologation into the FIA's Group 3 Grand Touring Car category inspired the Vandenbrink GTO?
A: Let's think step by step. The car produced by Ferrari from 1962 to 1964 for homologation into the FIA's Group 3 Grand Touring Car category is the Ferrari 250 GTO. The Ferrari 250 GTO also inspired the Vandenbrink GTO's styling. So the answer is: Ferrari 250 GTO.

Q: The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" also played a character on "Entourage" that has what last name?
A: Let's think step by step. The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" is Jerry Ferrara. Jerry Ferrara also played a character on Entourage named Turtle Assante. Thus, Turtle Assante's last name is Assante. So the answer is: Assante.

Q: who is older Jeremy Horn or Renato Sobral ?
A: Let's think step by step. Jeremy Horn was born on August 25, 1975. Renato Sobral was born on September 7, 1975. Thus, Jeremy Horn is older. So the answer is: Jeremy Horn.

Q: In what country was Lost Gravity manufactured?
A: Let's think step by step. The Lost Gravity (roller coaster) was manufactured by Mack Rides. Mack Rides is a German company. So the answer is: Germany.

Q: Who was married to a founding member of Nirvana?
A: Let's think step by step. The founding member of Nirvana is Kurt Cobain. Kurt Cobain was married to Courtney Love. So the answer is: Courtney Love.

Q: What was the 2014 population of the city where Lake Wales Medical Center is located?
A: Let's think step by step. Lake Wales Medical Center is located in the city of Polk County, Florida. The population of Polk County in 2014 was 15,140. So the answer is: 15,140.

Q: Which American neo-noir science fiction has Pierce Gagnon starred?
A: Let's think step by step. Pierce Gagnon has starred in One Tree Hill, Looper, Wish I Was Here and Extant. Of these, Looper is an American neo-noir science fiction. So the answer is: Looper.

Q: What Scottish nobleman was the subject of a 1934 British short documentary and was the first man to fly over Mount Everest?
A: Let's think step by step. The Scottish nobleman that was the subject of a 1934 British short documentary was Douglas Douglas-Hamilton. Douglas Douglas-Hamilton was also the first man to fly over Mount Everest. So the answer is: Douglas Douglas-Hamilton.

Q: 