Sentence: Leonardo da Vincian, an Italian polymath of the High Renaissance who was active as a painter, draughtsman, engineer, scientist, theorist, sculptor, and architect, was born in Vinci, Italy, on 15 April 1452.
For the above sentence about "Leonardo da Vinci", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns about the entity of "15 April 1452". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Was Leonardo da Vinci born on 15 April 1452?

Sentence: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, during his brief lifetime, composed more than 600 works, many of which are acknowledged as the pinnacles of symphonic, concertante, chamber, operatic, and choral music.
For the above sentence about "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns about the entity of "more than 600 works". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Did Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart compose more than 600 works during his lifetime?

Sentence: Frida Kahlo, a renowned Mexican artist, is best known for her self-portraits and works like "The wounded deer" and "The Two Fridas".
For the above sentence about "Frida Kahlo", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns about the entity of "The Two Fridas". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Did Frida Kahlo create "The Two Fridas"?

Sentence: Isaac Newton published 'Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica' in 1687.
For the above sentence about "Isaac Newton", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns about the entity of "'Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica' in 1687". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Did Isaac Newton publish 'Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica' in 1687?

Sentence: William Shakespeare, a playwright from England, wrote the play "Romeo and Juliet."
For the above sentence about "William Shakespeare", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns about the entity "'Romeo and Juliet'". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Did William Shakespeare write the play "Romeo and Juliet"?

Sentence: Gabriel García Márquez, renowned for his novel "One Hundred Years of Solitude", was a Colombian novelist, short-story writer, and journalist.
For the above sentence about "Gabriel García Márquez", generate a yes/no question WITHOUT any pronouns that about the entity "Colombian". The question MUST contain the entity.
Question: Was Gabriel García Márquez Colombian?

